---
layout: post
title: "4th day in a row"
date: 2004-3-18 6:58:0
tags: 
---

It's also the most entries I've had in one month since February 2003, yay for me. Next month is April .. duh .. it also happens to be this blog's 4 year anniversary. I'm thinking of beating that first month's record of 86 entries. Since there aren't 86 days in April, I'll have to either call up Mr. JULIAN ROBERT HUNTE and ask him to change the calendar, or post more than 1 entry per day.. a shit.. I just remembered, I lost the guy's number.. I'll just post a couple per day.

The plan today is eat, hopfully go out eat since there isn't any food here and then go do groceries, because there isn't any food here.

Did you know: "Saltwater fish drink water because their bodies are saltier than their environments so they lose water by osmosis, for freshwater fish, the opposite is true, so they don't drink." Now you do.

(Chorus)
Shut up
Just shut up
Shut up [3x]
Shut it up, just shut up
Shut up
Just shut up
Shut up [3x]
Shut it up, just shut up, shut up
We try to take it slow
But we're still losin control
And we try to make it work
But it still ends up the worst
And I'm craaazzzy
for tryin to be yo laaadddy
I think I'm goin crazy
Girl, me and you were just fine (you know)
We wine and dine
Did them things that couples do when in love (you know)
Walks on the beach and stuff (you know)
Things that lovers say and do
I love you boo
, I love you too
I miss you a lot, I miss you even more
That's why I flew you out
When we was on tour
But then something got out of hand
You start yellin when I would bring friends
Even though I had legitimate reasons (bull shit)
You know I have to make them dividends (bull shit)
How could you trust our private lives girl
That's why you don't believe my lies
And quick to say
[Chorus]
Why does emotion gotta move so fast
Love is progress if you could make it last
Why is it that you just lose control
Every time you agree on takin it slow
So why does it got to be so damn tough
Cuz fools in lust could never get enough of love
Showin the love that you be givin
Changing up your livin
For a lovin transistion
Girl it's a misson tryin to get you to listen
You! Mad at each other has become our tradition
You yell, I yell, everybody yells
Got neighbors across the street sayin
“Who the hell?!?”
Who the hell?
What the hell's going down?
Too much of the bickering
Kill it with the sound and
[Chorus]
Girl our love is dyin
Why can't you stop tryin
I never been a quitah
But I do deserve betta
Believe me I will do bad
Let's forget the past
And let's start this new plan
Why? Cuz it's the same old routine
And then next week I hear them scream
Girl I know you're tired of the things they say
You're damn right
Cuz I heard them lame dame excuses just yesterday
That was a different thing
No it ain't
it was a different thing
No it ain't
it was a different thing
It was the same damn thing
Same ass excuses
Boy you're usless
whhoooaaaa
(Chorus)
Shut up
Just shut up
Shut up [3x](no ooooo uh uh)
Shut it up, just shut up
Shut up
Just shut up
Shut up [3x]boy no now please go, no i don't know
Shut it up, just shut up(nooooooooooooo)
Stop the talking baby
Or I start walking babyx13 on 4th (ooonnnoooooowooooo)
Is that all there is x12 starting from 5th
