---
layout: post
title: "Poor RBC"
date: 2012-9-13 8:25:0
tags: 
---

Me: I hope the iPad app will be ready for ios 6, doesn't seem to load with beta 4.

Dear Mr. Green:

My name is Cynthia, and I’ve checked with our Technical Support Team and we're not quite sure what you mean by Beta 4 unless it's an app just developed and not in a final release. If so we do not support any apps before their final release and tested.

We now offer the RBC Canada app designed specifically for use on iPad. It provides the next step in mobile banking by taking advantage of the enhanced capabilities of the iPad. The RBC Canada app for iPad is available through the Apple app store and is available for iPad 1, 2 and iPad (third generation) with iOS version 4.3 and above and will work perfectly with IOS 6.

Thanks for contacting us. We'll be happy to help you again if there's anything else you’d like to discuss.

If you prefer, you can call us at 1-800-769-2511. Also, look for the option to chat live with us on select pages on www.rbcroyalbank.com.

Sincerely,

Cynthia

Me: Sorry, I meant iOS 6 beta 4. The RBC iPad app does not work with iOS 6 beta 4.

Dear Jason:

My name is Sebastien, and I thank you for the clarification. I've spoke as well with our Technical Support Team who advised it should still work however as you're using a Beta version, we can't provide any assistance at this time.

Thanks for contacting us. We'll be happy to help you again if there's anything else you’d like to discuss.

If you prefer, you can call us at 1-800-769-2511. Also, look for the option to chat live with us on select pages on www.rbcroyalbank.com.

Sincerely,

Sebastien

Me: So.. Since the iOS 6 GM came out today, I though I'd let you know that the RBC iPad app still doesn't work. Don't want you guys to be blindsided next week when everyone who updates won't be able to use the RBC iPad app and start emailing your group.

Dear Jason:

Thank you for writing in again. My name is Katinka, and I appreciate the opportunity to help you with running the RBC app on your Apple iPad.

After speaking with one of our IT specialists, he recommended to uninstall the app and reinstall it. If you continue to use BETA IOS, the app may continue to not work properly since BETA is a test version of IOS which we don't support.

The RBC Canada app for iPad provides the next step in mobile banking by taking advantage of the enhanced capabilities of the iPad. Within the iPad app you can:
\- Quickly navigate to the information you need
\- See your account holding at-a-glance via interactive graphs
\- Watch informational videos on relevant financial topics
\- Connect to popular social media sites such as Facebook, YouTube and Twitter.

Thanks for contacting us. We'll be happy to help you again if there's anything else you’d like to discuss.

If you prefer, you can call us at 1-800-769-2555. Also, look for the option to chat live with us on select pages on www.rbcroyalbank.com.

Sincerely,

Katinka


